document inferring outlives requirements (RFC 2093) (#423)
rust-lang/reference: src/inferring-outlive-requirements.md

# Infer Outlives Requirements

> This feature allows some outlives requirements to be

Reviewer: This is written as if it was a feature flag but it's part of stable Rust now and shouldn't be considered as an independent extension.

Author: Thanks. Will update language.

inferred by the compiler rather than having to state
them explicitly.

## Motivation

In the following piece of code, we have the outlives

> relation `T: 'a`; which can be read as T outlives 'a.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relation `T: 'a`; which can be read as `T` outlives `'a`.
```

> However if we look at the definition of the struct we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, looking at the definition of the struct,
```

> see that the field `bar` is a reference to T with a lifetime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the field `bar` is a reference to `T` with a lifetime
```

> of 'a. Thus for this code to be valid, the compiler already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of `'a`. Thus for this code to be valid, the compiler already
```

> enforces the predicate `T: 'a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enforces the constraint `T: 'a`.
```

> With this feature the compiler will also infer the outlives

Reviewer: Same here...

Author: Thanks. Will update language.

> requirements so that the where-statement becomes optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requirements so that the `where`-clause becomes optional.
```

```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)
struct Foo<'a, T>

>   where T: 'a // <-- now optional

Reviewer: Run rustfmt on snippet.

  {
      bar: &'a T,
  }
```

For more more information on the motivation and design, please
see RFC [#44493].

[#44493]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/44493

## Examples

> Code speakers louder than words so here are a few examples

Reviewer: This sentence is redundant and doesn't read formally.

Author: Will update language.

of the feature inferring outlives requirements.

> Struct, Enum and Union with *reference* to generic parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `struct`, `enum`, and `union` with a *reference* to a type parameter `T`:
```

```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

> // infer T: 'a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The constraint `T: 'a` is inferred.
```

struct Foo<'a, T> {
    bar: &'a T,
}
```

```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

> // infer T: 'a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The constraint `T: 'a` is inferred.
```

union Foo<'a, T> {
    bar: &'a T,
}
```

```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

> // infer T: 'a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The constraint `T: 'a` is inferred.
```

enum Foo<'a, T> {

>   Bar<'a, T>

Reviewer: Not valid Rust, you need to wrap it in a variant.

}

> struct Bar<'a, T> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion

struct Bar<'a, T> {
```

  field: &'a T
}
```

> Struct, Enum and Union with an *explicit outlives clause* on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An *explicit outlives clause* on
```

the nested type:
```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

> // infer `T: 'b`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The constraint `T: 'b` is inferred.
```

struct Foo<'a, T> {
    bar: Bar<'a, T>
}

> // contains explicit where clause

Reviewer: ```suggestion

// `Bar<'b, K>` has an explicit `where` clause:
```

struct Bar<'b, K> where K: 'b {
    x: &'b (),
    y: K,
}
```

> Struct, Enum and Union with *lifetime outlives requirements*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `struct` with an inferred *lifetime outlives requirement*:
```

```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

> // infer `b': 'a`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The region constraint `'b: 'a` is inferred.
```

struct Foo<'a, 'b, T> {
    x: &'a &'b T
}
```

*Associated types*:
```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

> // infer `<T as std::iter::Iterator>::Item : 'a`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The constraint `<T as std::iter::Iterator>::Item: 'a` is inferred.
```

struct Foo<'a, T: Iterator> {

>     bar: &'a T::Item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bar: &'a T::Item
}
```

```

```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)
// infer B: 'a
struct Foo<'a, A, B> where A: Trait<'b, K> {
  field: <A as Trait<'a, B>>::Type

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}

```

trait Bar<'b, K> where K: 'b {

>   type Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  type Type;
```
also fix formatting...

# Infer Outlives Requirements

The Rust compiler is able to infer certain lifetime
outlives requirements based on lifetime rules, rather
than having to state them explicitly.

## Motivation

In the following piece of code, we have the outlives
relation `T: 'a`; which can be read as `T` outlives `'a`.
However, looking at the definition of the `struct`, we
see that the field `bar` is a reference to `T` with a lifetime
of `'a`. Thus for this code to be valid, the compiler already
enforces the constraint `T: 'a`.

The compiler will also infer the outlives requirements
so that the `where`-clause is optional.

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

struct Foo<'a, T>
where
    T: 'a, // <-- optional
{
    bar: &'a T,
}
```

For more more information on the motivation and design, please
see RFC [#44493].

[#44493]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/44493

## Examples

Here are a few examples were the compiler is able to
infer outlives requirements rather than having to state
them explicitly.

A `struct`, `enum` and `union` with a *reference* to a type parameter:

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

// The constraint `T: 'a` is inferred.
struct Foo<'a, T> {
    bar: &'a T,
}
```

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

// The constraint `T: 'a` is inferred.
union Foo<'a, T> {
    bar: &'a T,
}
```

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

// The constraint `T: 'a` is inferred.
enum Foo<'a, T> {
    One(Bar<'a, T>)
}

struct Bar<'a, T> {
    field: &'a T
}
```

An *explicit outlives clause* on the nested type:

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

// The constraint `T: 'b` is inferred.
struct Foo<'a, T> {
    bar: Bar<'a, T>
}

// `Bar<'b, K>` has an explicit `where` clause:
struct Bar<'b, K> where K: 'b {
    x: &'b (),
    y: K,
}
```

A `struct` with an inferred *lifetime outlives requirements*:

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

// The region constraint `b': 'a` is inferred.
struct Foo<'a, 'b, T> {
    x: &'a &'b T
}
```

*Associated types*:

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

// The constraint `<T as std::iter::Iterator>::Item : 'a` is inferred.
struct Foo<'a, T: Iterator> {
    bar: &'a T::Item
}
```

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

// The constraint `B: 'a` is inferred.
struct Foo<'a, A, B> where A: Bar<'a, B> {
    field: <A as Bar<'a, B>>::Type
}

trait Bar<'k, K> where K: 'k {
    type Type;
}

```

*Trait objects*:

> ```rust,ignore (pseudo-Rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```
